id: 1
primer_nombre_esposo: Iñigo
segundo_nombre_esposo: Juseph
primer_apellido_esposo: Quevedo
segundo_apellido_esposo: Ausket
primer_nombre_papa_esposo: Iyan
segundo_nombre_papa_esposo: Esteban
primer_apellido_papa_esposo: Quevedo
segundo_apellido_papa_esposo: Celis
primer_nombre_mama_esposo: Amalia
segundo_nombre_mama_esposo: Stefania
primer_apellido_mama_esposo: Ausket
segundo_apellido_mama_esposo: Trejo
lugar_de_nacimiento_esposo: Reinosa
estado_de_nacimiento_esposo: Cantabria
pais_de_nacimiento_esposo: España
dia_de_nacimiento_esposo: 24
mes_de_nacimiento_esposo: 08
ano_de_nacimiento_esposo: 1986
dia_de_bautizo_esposo: 24
mes_de_bautizo_esposo: 12
ano_de_bautizo_esposo: 1986
iglesia_de_bautizo_esposo: Iglesia Ermita de San Roque
lugar_de_bautizo_esposo: Reinosa
estado_de_bautizo_esposo: Cantabria
pais_de_bautizo_esposo: España
dia_de_matrimonio: 14
mes_de_matrimonio: 02
ano_de_matrimonio: 2010
primer_nombre_esposa: Aitana
segundo_nombre_esposa: Salome
primer_apellido_esposa: Puyol
segundo_apellido_esposa: Cortez
primer_nombre_papa_esposa: Hendrick
segundo_nombre_papa_esposa: Raul
primer_apellido_papa_esposa: Puyol
segundo_apellido_papa_esposa: Busquets
primer_nombre_mama_esposa: Maryorie
segundo_nombre_mama_esposa: Nicole
primer_apellido_mama_esposa: Cortez
segundo_apellido_mama_esposa: Serrano
lugar_de_nacimiento_esposa: Merida
estado_de_nacimiento_esposa: Merida
pais_de_nacimiento_esposa: Venezuela
dia_de_nacimiento_esposa: 12
mes_de_nacimiento_esposa: 10
ano_de_nacimiento_esposa: 1990
dia_de_bautizo_esposa: 25
mes_de_bautizo_esposa: 12
ano_de_bautizo_esposa: 1990
iglesia_de_bautizo_esposa: Basilica Catedral de la Inmaculada Concepcion
lugar_de_bautizo_esposa: Merida
estado_de_bautizo_esposa: Merida
pais_de_bautizo_esposa: Venezuela
primer_nombre_padrino_esposo: Marcus
segundo_nombre_padrino_esposo: Daniel
primer_apellido_padrino_esposo: Ferdinand
segundo_apellido_padrino_esposo: Joves
primer_nombre_madrina_esposo: Arantxa
segundo_nombre_madrina_esposo: Fabiana
primer_apellido_madrina_esposo: De Amorin
segundo_apellido_madrina_esposo: Sarajevo
primer_nombre_padrino_esposa: Baltimore
segundo_nombre_padrino_esposa: Jose
primer_apellido_padrino_esposa: Barragan
segundo_apellido_padrino_esposa: Chains
primer_nombre_madrina_esposa: Samantha
segundo_nombre_madrina_esposa: Violeta
primer_apellido_madrina_esposa: Zulbaran
segundo_apellido_madrina_esposa: Florez
primer_nombre_ministro: Plesbistero
segundo_nombre_ministro: Juan
primer_apellido_ministro: Martinez
segundo_apellido_ministro: Gomez
numLibro_matrimonio: 234
folio_matrimonio: 1
numeral_matrimonio: 1
notaMar_matrimonio: Sin nota Marginal
finalidad: Tramites Legales

