id: 1
primer_nombre: Diego
segundo_nombre: Arturo
primer_apellido: Lugo
segundo_apellido: Izquierdo
primer_nombre_papa: German
segundo_nombre_papa: Fernando
primer_apellido_papa: Lugo
segundo_apellido_papa: Garmendia
primer_nombre_mama: Paula
segundo_nombre_mama: Sofia
primer_apellido_mama: Izquierdo
segundo_apellido_mama: Duran
filiacion: Legitimo
lugar_de_nacimiento: Lagos de San Jose
estado_de_nacimiento: Mexico
pais_de_nacimiento: Mexico
dia_de_nacimiento: 11
mes_de_nacimiento: 04
ano_de_nacimiento: 2012
dia_de_bautizo: 31
mes_de_bautizo: 11
ano_de_bautizo: 2012
primer_nombre_padrino: Sebastian
segundo_nombre_padrino: Alejandro
primer_apellido_padrino: Toledo
segundo_apellido_padrino: Forlan
primer_nombre_madrina: Bianca
segundo_nombre_madrina: Paloma
primer_apellido_madrina: Yepes
segundo_apellido_madrina: Llosa
primer_nombre_ministro: Plesbistero
segundo_nombre_ministro: Juan
primer_apellido_ministro: Martinez
segundo_apellido_ministro: Gomez
observacion: Sin Observaciones
numero_registro_civil: 378
ano_registro_civil: 2012
numLibro: 210
folio: 2
numeral: 2
notaMar: Sin notas Marginales
finalidad: Legales

