id: 1
primer_nombre: Piero
segundo_nombre: Giancarlo
primer_apellido: Cappadona
segundo_apellido: Macchia
primer_nombre_papa: Giuseppe
segundo_nombre_papa: Alessandro
primer_apellido_papa: Cappadona
segundo_apellido_papa: Vivaldi
primer_nombre_mama: Gabriela
segundo_nombre_mama: Geraldine
primer_apellido_mama: Macchia
segundo_apellido_mama: Gonzalez
filiacion: Legitimo
lugar_de_nacimiento: Tovar
estado_de_nacimiento: Merida
pais_de_nacimiento: Venezuela
dia_de_nacimiento: 15
mes_de_nacimiento: 05
ano_de_nacimiento: 2015
dia_de_bautizo: 08
mes_de_bautizo: 12
ano_de_bautizo: 2015
primer_nombre_padrino: Hector
segundo_nombre_padrino: Armando
primer_apellido_padrino: Uscategui
segundo_apellido_padrino: Cerezo
primer_nombre_madrina: Keila
segundo_nombre_madrina: Paola
primer_apellido_madrina: Verastegui
segundo_apellido_madrina: Jimenez
primer_nombre_ministro: Plesbistero
segundo_nombre_ministro: Juan
primer_apellido_ministro: Martinez
segundo_apellido_ministro: Gomez
observacion: Sin Observaciones
numero_registro_civil: 450
ano_registro_civil: 2015
numLibro: 120
folio: 1
numeral: 1
notaMar: Sin notas Marginales
finalidad: Legales

