id: 1
primer_nombre: Rafael
segundo_nombre: Miguel
primer_apellido: Rodríguez
segundo_apellido: Lorenzo
primer_nombre_papa: Antonio
segundo_nombre_papa: Antonio
primer_apellido_papa: Arias
segundo_apellido_papa: Belen
primer_nombre_mama: Rosa
segundo_nombre_mama: Eduardo
primer_apellido_mama: Dukon
segundo_apellido_mama: Dukon
filiacion: Estudiante
lugar_de_nacimiento: San Cristóbal
estado_de_nacimiento: Táchira
dia_de_nacimiento: 13
mes_de_nacimiento: 02
ano_de_nacimiento: 1997
dia_de_bautizo: 2
mes_de_bautizo: 02
ano_de_bautizo: 1998
primer_nombre_padrino: José
segundo_nombre_padrino: Miguel
primer_apellido_padrino: Rodríguez
segundo_apellido_padrino: 
primer_nombre_madrina: maria
segundo_nombre_madrina: Camilo
primer_apellido_madrina: Osorio
segundo_apellido_madrina: Bajonero
primer_nombre_ministro: Juan
segundo_nombre_ministro: Juan
primer_apellido_ministro: Pérez
segundo_apellido_ministro: Rodríguez
observacion: Nada
numero_registro_civil: 1448
ano_registro_civil: 1998
numLibro: 2
folio: 2
numeral: 2
notaMar: Sin nota marginal
finalidad: Ninguna

id: 2
primer_nombre: Asde
segundo_nombre: Miguel
primer_apellido: Rodríguez
segundo_apellido: Lorenzo
primer_nombre_papa: Antonio
segundo_nombre_papa: Antonio
primer_apellido_papa: Arias
segundo_apellido_papa: Belen
primer_nombre_mama: Rosa
segundo_nombre_mama: Eduardo
primer_apellido_mama: Dukon
segundo_apellido_mama: Dukon
filiacion: Estudiante
lugar_de_nacimiento: San Cristóbal
estado_de_nacimiento: Táchira
dia_de_nacimiento: 13
mes_de_nacimiento: 02
ano_de_nacimiento: 1997
dia_de_bautizo: 2
mes_de_bautizo: 02
ano_de_bautizo: 1998
primer_nombre_padrino: José
segundo_nombre_padrino: Miguel
primer_apellido_padrino: Rodríguez
segundo_apellido_padrino: 
primer_nombre_madrina: maria
segundo_nombre_madrina: Camilo
primer_apellido_madrina: Osorio
segundo_apellido_madrina: Bajonero
primer_nombre_ministro: Juan
segundo_nombre_ministro: Juan
primer_apellido_ministro: Pérez
segundo_apellido_ministro: Rodríguez
observacion: Nada
numero_registro_civil: 1448
ano_registro_civil: 1998
numLibro: 2
folio: 2
numeral: 2
notaMar: Sin nota marginal
finalidad: Ninguna

id: 3
primer_nombre: brunos
segundo_nombre: Miguel
primer_apellido: Rodríguez
segundo_apellido: Lorenzo
primer_nombre_papa: Antonio
segundo_nombre_papa: Antonio
primer_apellido_papa: Arias
segundo_apellido_papa: Belen
primer_nombre_mama: Rosa
segundo_nombre_mama: Eduardo
primer_apellido_mama: Dukon
segundo_apellido_mama: Dukon
filiacion: Estudiante
lugar_de_nacimiento: San Cristóbal
estado_de_nacimiento: Táchira
dia_de_nacimiento: 13
mes_de_nacimiento: 02
ano_de_nacimiento: 1997
dia_de_bautizo: 2
mes_de_bautizo: 02
ano_de_bautizo: 1998
primer_nombre_padrino: José
segundo_nombre_padrino: Miguel
primer_apellido_padrino: Rodríguez
segundo_apellido_padrino: Lorenzo
primer_nombre_madrina: maria
segundo_nombre_madrina: Camilo
primer_apellido_madrina: Osorio
segundo_apellido_madrina: Bajonero
primer_nombre_ministro: Juan
segundo_nombre_ministro: Juan
primer_apellido_ministro: Pérez
segundo_apellido_ministro: Rodríguez
observacion: Nada
numero_registro_civil: 1448
ano_registro_civil: 1998
numLibro: 2
folio: 2
numeral: 2
notaMar: Sin nota marginal
finalidad: Ninguna

id: 4
primer_nombre: Juan
segundo_nombre: Carlos
primer_apellido: Pérez
segundo_apellido: Gómez
primer_nombre_papa: Pedro
segundo_nombre_papa: Luis
primer_apellido_papa: Pérez
segundo_apellido_papa: Martínez
primer_nombre_mama: María
segundo_nombre_mama: Elena
primer_apellido_mama: Gómez
segundo_apellido_mama: Rodríguez
filiacion: Filiación
lugar_de_nacimiento: San Juan Bautista
estado_de_nacimiento: Estado Táchira
dia_de_nacimiento: 15
mes_de_nacimiento: Mayo
ano_de_nacimiento: 2024
dia_de_bautizo: 16
mes_de_bautizo: Junio
ano_de_bautizo: 2024
primer_nombre_padrino: José
segundo_nombre_padrino: Antonio
primer_apellido_padrino: Díaz
segundo_apellido_padrino: Sánchez
primer_nombre_madrina: Ana
segundo_nombre_madrina: María
primer_apellido_madrina: Torres
segundo_apellido_madrina: Cabrera
primer_nombre_ministro: Padre
segundo_nombre_ministro: Francisco
primer_apellido_ministro: Iglesias
segundo_apellido_ministro: Morales
observacion: Observaciones
numero_registro_civil: 123456
ano_registro_civil: 2024
numLibro: 1
folio: 1
numeral: 1
notaMar: NotaMar
finalidad: Finalidad

id: 5
primer_nombre: María
segundo_nombre: Elena
primer_apellido: Rodríguez
segundo_apellido: Díaz
primer_nombre_papa: Carlos
segundo_nombre_papa: Antonio
primer_apellido_papa: Rodríguez
segundo_apellido_papa: Pérez
primer_nombre_mama: Elena
segundo_nombre_mama: María
primer_apellido_mama: Díaz
segundo_apellido_mama: Gómez
filiacion: Filiación
lugar_de_nacimiento: San Cristóbal
estado_de_nacimiento: Estado Táchira
dia_de_nacimiento: 20
mes_de_nacimiento: Junio
ano_de_nacimiento: 2024
dia_de_bautizo: 21
mes_de_bautizo: Julio
ano_de_bautizo: 2024
primer_nombre_padrino: Luis
segundo_nombre_padrino: Alberto
primer_apellido_padrino: Martínez
segundo_apellido_padrino: Cabrera
primer_nombre_madrina: Carla
segundo_nombre_madrina: Patricia
primer_apellido_madrina: Sánchez
segundo_apellido_madrina: Torres
primer_nombre_ministro: Padre
segundo_nombre_ministro: Juan
primer_apellido_ministro: Iglesias
segundo_apellido_ministro: Morales
observacion: Observaciones
numero_registro_civil: 234567
ano_registro_civil: 2024
numLibro: 2
folio: 2
numeral: 2
notaMar: NotaMar
finalidad: Finalidad

id: 6
primer_nombre: Elena
segundo_nombre: Patricia
primer_apellido: Díaz
segundo_apellido: Gómez
primer_nombre_papa: Luis
segundo_nombre_papa: Alberto
primer_apellido_papa: Díaz
segundo_apellido_papa: Pérez
primer_nombre_mama: María
segundo_nombre_mama: Elena
primer_apellido_mama: Gómez
segundo_apellido_mama: Rodríguez
filiacion: Filiación
lugar_de_nacimiento: San Juan Bautista
estado_de_nacimiento: Estado Táchira
dia_de_nacimiento: 10
mes_de_nacimiento: Octubre
ano_de_nacimiento: 2024
dia_de_bautizo: 11
mes_de_bautizo: Noviembre
ano_de_bautizo: 2024
primer_nombre_padrino: Carlos
segundo_nombre_padrino: Antonio
primer_apellido_padrino: Martínez
segundo_apellido_padrino: Rodríguez
primer_nombre_madrina: Ana
segundo_nombre_madrina: Patricia
primer_apellido_madrina: Pérez
segundo_apellido_madrina: Díaz
primer_nombre_ministro: Padre
segundo_nombre_ministro: Luis
primer_apellido_ministro: Iglesias
segundo_apellido_ministro: Morales
observacion: Observaciones
numero_registro_civil: 678901
ano_registro_civil: 2024
numLibro: 6
folio: 6
numeral: 6
notaMar: NotaMar
finalidad: Finalidad

id: 7
primer_nombre: Antonio
segundo_nombre: Carlos
primer_apellido: Rodríguez
segundo_apellido: Pérez
primer_nombre_papa: Juan
segundo_nombre_papa: Luis
primer_apellido_papa: Rodríguez
segundo_apellido_papa: Martínez
primer_nombre_mama: Patricia
segundo_nombre_mama: María
primer_apellido_mama: Pérez
segundo_apellido_mama: Gómez
filiacion: Filiación
lugar_de_nacimiento: San Cristóbal
estado_de_nacimiento: Estado Táchira
dia_de_nacimiento: 15
mes_de_nacimiento: Noviembre
ano_de_nacimiento: 2024
dia_de_bautizo: 16
mes_de_bautizo: Diciembre
ano_de_bautizo: 2024
primer_nombre_padrino: Luis
segundo_nombre_padrino: Alberto
primer_apellido_padrino: Gómez
segundo_apellido_padrino: Sánchez
primer_nombre_madrina: Ana
segundo_nombre_madrina: María
primer_apellido_madrina: Martínez
segundo_apellido_madrina: Cabrera
primer_nombre_ministro: Padre
segundo_nombre_ministro: Carlos
primer_apellido_ministro: Iglesias
segundo_apellido_ministro: Morales
observacion: Observaciones
numero_registro_civil: 789012
ano_registro_civil: 2024
numLibro: 7
folio: 7
numeral: 7
notaMar: NotaMar
finalidad: Finalidad

id: 11
primer_nombre: Carlos
segundo_nombre: Antonio
primer_apellido: Martínez
segundo_apellido: Pérez
primer_nombre_papa: Juan
segundo_nombre_papa: Luis
primer_apellido_papa: Martínez
segundo_apellido_papa: Rodríguez
primer_nombre_mama: Patricia
segundo_nombre_mama: Elena
primer_apellido_mama: Pérez
segundo_apellido_mama: Gómez
filiacion: Filiación
lugar_de_nacimiento: San Cristóbal
estado_de_nacimiento: Estado Táchira
dia_de_nacimiento: 25
mes_de_nacimiento: Julio
ano_de_nacimiento: 2024
dia_de_bautizo: 26
mes_de_bautizo: Agosto
ano_de_bautizo: 2024
primer_nombre_padrino: Antonio
segundo_nombre_padrino: Luis
primer_apellido_padrino: Gómez
segundo_apellido_padrino: Sánchez
primer_nombre_madrina: Elena
segundo_nombre_madrina: María
primer_apellido_madrina: Rodríguez
segundo_apellido_madrina: Torres
primer_nombre_ministro: Padre
segundo_nombre_ministro: Carlos
primer_apellido_ministro: Iglesias
segundo_apellido_ministro: Morales
observacion: Observaciones
numero_registro_civil: 345678
ano_registro_civil: 2024
numLibro: 3
folio: 3
numeral: 3
notaMar: NotaMar
finalidad: Finalidad

id: 12
primer_nombre: Patricia
segundo_nombre: María
primer_apellido: Gómez
segundo_apellido: Rodríguez
primer_nombre_papa: Luis
segundo_nombre_papa: Antonio
primer_apellido_papa: Gómez
segundo_apellido_papa: Pérez
primer_nombre_mama: María
segundo_nombre_mama: Elena
primer_apellido_mama: Rodríguez
segundo_apellido_mama: Díaz
filiacion: Filiación
lugar_de_nacimiento: San Juan Bautista
estado_de_nacimiento: Estado Táchira
dia_de_nacimiento: 30
mes_de_nacimiento: Agosto
ano_de_nacimiento: 2024
dia_de_bautizo: 1
mes_de_bautizo: Septiembre
ano_de_bautizo: 2024
primer_nombre_padrino: Carlos
segundo_nombre_padrino: Alberto
primer_apellido_padrino: Pérez
segundo_apellido_padrino: Martínez
primer_nombre_madrina: Ana
segundo_nombre_madrina: Patricia
primer_apellido_madrina: Díaz
segundo_apellido_madrina: Cabrera
primer_nombre_ministro: Padre
segundo_nombre_ministro: Luis
primer_apellido_ministro: Iglesias
segundo_apellido_ministro: Morales
observacion: Observaciones
numero_registro_civil: 456789
ano_registro_civil: 2024
numLibro: 4
folio: 4
numeral: 4
notaMar: NotaMar
finalidad: Finalidad

id: 15
primer_nombre: Juan
segundo_nombre: Carlos
primer_apellido: Pérez
segundo_apellido: Gómez
primer_nombre_papa: Pedro
segundo_nombre_papa: Luis
primer_apellido_papa: Pérez
segundo_apellido_papa: Martínez
primer_nombre_mama: María
segundo_nombre_mama: Elena
primer_apellido_mama: Gómez
segundo_apellido_mama: Rodríguez
filiacion: Filiación
lugar_de_nacimiento: San Juan Bautista
estado_de_nacimiento: Estado Táchira
dia_de_nacimiento: 15
mes_de_nacimiento: Mayo
ano_de_nacimiento: 2024
dia_de_bautizo: 16
mes_de_bautizo: Junio
ano_de_bautizo: 2024
primer_nombre_padrino: José
segundo_nombre_padrino: Antonio
primer_apellido_padrino: Díaz
segundo_apellido_padrino: Sánchez
primer_nombre_madrina: Ana
segundo_nombre_madrina: María
primer_apellido_madrina: Torres
segundo_apellido_madrina: Cabrera
primer_nombre_ministro: Padre
segundo_nombre_ministro: Francisco
primer_apellido_ministro: Iglesias
segundo_apellido_ministro: Morales
observacion: Observaciones
numero_registro_civil: 123456
ano_registro_civil: 2024
numLibro: 1
folio: 1
numeral: 1
notaMar: NotaMar
finalidad: Finalidad

id: 16
primer_nombre: Juan
segundo_nombre: Carlos
primer_apellido: Pérez
segundo_apellido: González
primer_nombre_papa: Carlos
segundo_nombre_papa: Alberto
primer_apellido_papa: Pérez
segundo_apellido_papa: Martínez
primer_nombre_mama: María
segundo_nombre_mama: Carmen
primer_apellido_mama: González
segundo_apellido_mama: Rodríguez
filiacion: Legítimo
lugar_de_nacimiento: Caracas
estado_de_nacimiento: Distrito Capital
dia_de_nacimiento: 15
mes_de_nacimiento: Junio
ano_de_nacimiento: 2010
dia_de_bautizo: 20
mes_de_bautizo: Julio
ano_de_bautizo: 2010
primer_nombre_padrino: Pedro
segundo_nombre_padrino: José
primer_apellido_padrino: Morales
segundo_apellido_padrino: Fernández
primer_nombre_madrina: Ana
segundo_nombre_madrina: María
primer_apellido_madrina: Suárez
segundo_apellido_madrina: Rojas
primer_nombre_ministro: Luis
segundo_nombre_ministro: Enrique
primer_apellido_ministro: Díaz
segundo_apellido_ministro: Mendoza
observacion: Bautizo realizado sin contratiempos
numero_registro_civil: 12345
ano_registro_civil: 2010
numLibro: 1
folio: 10
numeral: 1
notaMar: Ninguna
finalidad: Bautizo

id: 17
primer_nombre: Ana
segundo_nombre: María
primer_apellido: Gómez
segundo_apellido: Fernández
primer_nombre_papa: José
segundo_nombre_papa: Antonio
primer_apellido_papa: Gómez
segundo_apellido_papa: Pérez
primer_nombre_mama: María
segundo_nombre_mama: Isabel
primer_apellido_mama: Fernández
segundo_apellido_mama: López
filiacion: Legítimo
lugar_de_nacimiento: Valencia
estado_de_nacimiento: Carabobo
dia_de_nacimiento: 10
mes_de_nacimiento: Febrero
ano_de_nacimiento: 2011
dia_de_bautizo: 15
mes_de_bautizo: Marzo
ano_de_bautizo: 2011
primer_nombre_padrino: Carlos
segundo_nombre_padrino: Alberto
primer_apellido_padrino: Morales
segundo_apellido_padrino: González
primer_nombre_madrina: Carmen
segundo_nombre_madrina: Luisa
primer_apellido_madrina: Suárez
segundo_apellido_madrina: Rojas
primer_nombre_ministro: Pedro
segundo_nombre_ministro: José
primer_apellido_ministro: Díaz
segundo_apellido_ministro: Mendoza
observacion: Bautizo realizado sin contratiempos
numero_registro_civil: 12346
ano_registro_civil: 2011
numLibro: 1
folio: 11
numeral: 2
notaMar: Ninguna
finalidad: Bautizo

id: 18
primer_nombre: Carlos
segundo_nombre: Alberto
primer_apellido: Morales
segundo_apellido: González
primer_nombre_papa: Pedro
segundo_nombre_papa: José
primer_apellido_papa: Morales
segundo_apellido_papa: Fernández
primer_nombre_mama: Ana
segundo_nombre_mama: María
primer_apellido_mama: González
segundo_apellido_mama: Suárez
filiacion: Legítimo
lugar_de_nacimiento: Maracaibo
estado_de_nacimiento: Zulia
dia_de_nacimiento: 20
mes_de_nacimiento: Marzo
ano_de_nacimiento: 2012
dia_de_bautizo: 25
mes_de_bautizo: Abril
ano_de_bautizo: 2012
primer_nombre_padrino: José
segundo_nombre_padrino: Antonio
primer_apellido_padrino: Gómez
segundo_apellido_padrino: Pérez
primer_nombre_madrina: María
segundo_nombre_madrina: Isabel
primer_apellido_madrina: Fernández
segundo_apellido_madrina: López
primer_nombre_ministro: Luis
segundo_nombre_ministro: Enrique
primer_apellido_ministro: Díaz
segundo_apellido_ministro: Mendoza
observacion: Bautizo realizado sin contratiempos
numero_registro_civil: 12347
ano_registro_civil: 2012
numLibro: 2
folio: 12
numeral: 3
notaMar: Ninguna
finalidad: Bautizo

id: 19
primer_nombre: Luis
segundo_nombre: Enrique
primer_apellido: Díaz
segundo_apellido: Mendoza
primer_nombre_papa: Carlos
segundo_nombre_papa: Alberto
primer_apellido_papa: Díaz
segundo_apellido_papa: Pérez
primer_nombre_mama: Carmen
segundo_nombre_mama: Luisa
primer_apellido_mama: Mendoza
segundo_apellido_mama: Suárez
filiacion: Legítimo
lugar_de_nacimiento: Barquisimeto
estado_de_nacimiento: Lara
dia_de_nacimiento: 30
mes_de_nacimiento: Abril
ano_de_nacimiento: 2013
dia_de_bautizo: 5
mes_de_bautizo: Mayo
ano_de_bautizo: 2013
primer_nombre_padrino: Pedro
segundo_nombre_padrino: José
primer_apellido_padrino: Morales
segundo_apellido_padrino: Fernández
primer_nombre_madrina: Ana
segundo_nombre_madrina: María
primer_apellido_madrina: Gómez
segundo_apellido_madrina: Pérez
primer_nombre_ministro: Carlos
segundo_nombre_ministro: Alberto
primer_apellido_ministro: Morales
segundo_apellido_ministro: González
observacion: Bautizo realizado sin contratiempos
numero_registro_civil: 12348
ano_registro_civil: 2013
numLibro: 3
folio: 13
numeral: 4
notaMar: Ninguna
finalidad: Bautizo

id: 20
primer_nombre: María
segundo_nombre: Isabel
primer_apellido: Fernández
segundo_apellido: López
primer_nombre_papa: José
segundo_nombre_papa: Antonio
primer_apellido_papa: Fernández
segundo_apellido_papa: Martínez
primer_nombre_mama: Ana
segundo_nombre_mama: María
primer_apellido_mama: López
segundo_apellido_mama: Rodríguez
filiacion: Legítimo
lugar_de_nacimiento: Mérida
estado_de_nacimiento: Mérida
dia_de_nacimiento: 10
mes_de_nacimiento: Mayo
ano_de_nacimiento: 2014
dia_de_bautizo: 15
mes_de_bautizo: Junio
ano_de_bautizo: 2014
primer_nombre_padrino: Carlos
segundo_nombre_padrino: Alberto
primer_apellido_padrino: Gómez
segundo_apellido_padrino: Pérez
primer_nombre_madrina: María
segundo_nombre_madrina: Carmen
primer_apellido_madrina: Fernández
segundo_apellido_madrina: López
primer_nombre_ministro: Pedro
segundo_nombre_ministro: José
primer_apellido_ministro: Díaz
segundo_apellido_ministro: Mendoza
observacion: Bautizo realizado sin contratiempos
numero_registro_civil: 12349
ano_registro_civil: 2014
numLibro: 4
folio: 14
numeral: 5
notaMar: Ninguna
finalidad: Bautizo

